<!-- # Screen shots/ Demo -->

# TSAR: the Textual Storage And Retrieval utility
Tsar is a terminal based snippet/database query manager to help you store and retrieve information *as quickly as possible*.  Tsar currently uses search-as-you-type query, but has plans to add sort, filter, and associated record browsing.

# Compatibility and Support
Tsar is currently in early beta, running on python 3.x for MacOS.  Support for Linux and backward compatibility for python 2.x is planned for future releases.

# Installation
clone this repo and add the executable `tsar` to your path variable.

# Getting Started
- type `tsar` in your terminal; without arguments, this opens the default database
- the default database is a tutorial that demonstrates Tsar's basic features.  It can be regenerated by deleting `./index_files/default`
- Copy `./config_files/default_config.py` to `./config_files/my_database_config.py`, and type `tsar my_database` in terminal to create a new databse.  You can create as many databases as you desire.

# Why bother with *another* productivity tool?
Tsar aims to provide *the fastest* storage and retrieval of information sippets from the terminal, acting as a digital extension of your memory when trying to recall information.  To this end it employs a minimal, mouseless interface with powerful search (and eventually browsing) tools.  A number of related productivity features will be included in future releases.  Suggested uses:
- a searchable, taggable general purpose note repository 
- a code snippet or easily forgetten bash command manager
- a daily journal/diary
- anything else where fast storage/retrieval of information from terminal is a priority

# Similar projects
If you like tsar, you may also be interested in similar workflow productivity tools:
- [bro pages](http://bropages.org): the concise, crowd-sourced, example-based alternative to man pages
- [tldr](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr): user-defined man pages/terminal reference with many client interfaces
- [pet](https://github.com/knqyf263): a terminal-based snippet manager
- [dash](https://kapeli.com/dash): API documentation browser and snippet manager